c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\szamoranoBlog.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\szamoranoBlog.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\szamoranoBlog.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\obj\Debug\szamoranoBlog.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\obj\Debug\szamoranoBlog.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\obj\Debug\szamoranoBlog.pdb
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\CsQuery.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\en-html2enml.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Evernote.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\EvernoteOAuthNet.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\EvernoteSDK.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.ArcGISOnline.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Asana.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Backlog.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Baidu.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.BattleNet.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Bitbucket.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Box.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Buffer.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Cosign.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.DeviantArt.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Discord.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.DoYouBuzz.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Dropbox.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.EVEOnline.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Evernote.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Fitbit.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Flickr.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Foursquare.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Geni.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.GitHub.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Gitter.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.GooglePlus.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.HealthGraph.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Imgur.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Instagram.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.LinkedIn.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.MyHeritage.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Onshape.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.OpenID.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.OpenIDBase.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Orcid.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.PayPal.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Reddit.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Salesforce.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Shopify.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Slack.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.SoundCloud.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Spotify.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.StackExchange.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Steam.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.TripIt.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Twitch.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Untappd.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Vimeo.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.VisualStudio.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.VKontakte.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Wargaming.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.WordPress.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\OWin.Security.Providers.WSO2.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Xing.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Yahoo.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Yammer.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\PreMailer.Net.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\SgmlReaderDll.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\Thrift.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\bin\CsQuery.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\szamoranoBlog\szamoranoBlog\obj\Debug\szamoranoBlog.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
